aiAssist.md, before:

## How to Setup the Oracle APEX AI Assistant in Your Workspace in Under 4 Minutes 

In this video we will show you how to quickly wire your existing APEX installation to Oracle's OCI Generative AI models to enable the APEX AI Assistant and accelerate low coding with vibe coding practices. We recorded the video leveraging Oracle's 23ai Autonomous Transaction Processing Database with Oracle APEX 24.2.7. We will begin with a blank workspace and show how to access the workspace utilities, navigate to the Generative AI configuration screen and walk you through the configuration step by step. The setup does require that you have an OCI login and have access to the OCI Gen AI Service in your region. With that the video will showcase how to gather the compartment id, create a new API Key, gather the fingerprint, tenancy ocid, user ocid and where to place your private key in the configuration. Once configured you will test your connection and validate the AI Assistant functionality is now appearing inside SQL Worksheet. Don't struggle with the documentation or locating the required configuration details, in under four minutes this video will have you up and running. 

## Setting Up Oracle APEX AI Assistant
Please watch this video for step by step setup of the Generative AI Assistantant. [https://youtu.be/a7q22FkYQ0U](https://youtu.be/a7q22FkYQ0U) 

To perform the setup you will need the following: 

- [ ] An Oracle Cloud Tenancy
- [ ] A APEX Workspace with Developer/ADMIN priviledges on the workspace
- [ ] An OCI login with the ability to create an API key
- [ ] A pem key or the ability to create a PEM key

## Intro to Coaching your APEX AI Assitant

This video is a introduction to some common ways you can coach your APEX AI Assistant to improve both code quality and speed of development. We will begin by creating a small table with sample data inside your APEX workspace. Your coaching journey will start by leveraging the SQL Workshhop query builder AI assistant to identify, add and improve your table's existing column comments. To do this we will coach the model on how to leverage the Grok model's LLM embodyment in parrallel with the query builder to auto generate meaningful SQL statements to add column comments. The additional comments will then help the AI Assistant understand the schema better for all future asks in the video. Next we will 

Our video is designed to be watched, then replicated in your environment so your can practice coaching your AI Assistant. 

Please watch this video before proceeding with the steps below. []()/

# Example 1 - Prepping Tables for Better AI Results

In order for you to maximize the power of your AI assistant in APEX you need to make sure existing tables have proper table comments at both the table level and the column level. In the example below we will provide you a sample table with some column comments and a table comment. The comments will be incomplete The commands below will illustrate how to quickly add missing table comments then leverage those comments for enhanced AI asks. 

- Lets begin by creating a sample table. Please execute the code below. 

```
  CREATE TABLE "TEAMSTATS" 
   (	"ID" NUMBER GENERATED BY DEFAULT ON NULL AS IDENTITY MINVALUE 1 MAXVALUE 9999999999999999999999999999 INCREMENT BY 1 START WITH 13 CACHE 20 NOORDER  NOCYCLE  NOKEEP  NOSCALE  NOT NULL ENABLE, 
	"JERSEY" NUMBER, 
	"NAME" VARCHAR2(100), 
	"GP" NUMBER, 
	"PA" NUMBER, 
	"AB" NUMBER, 
	"H" NUMBER, 
	"C1B" NUMBER, 
	"C2B" NUMBER, 
	"C3B" NUMBER, 
	"HR" NUMBER, 
	"RBI" NUMBER, 
	"R" NUMBER, 
	"BB" NUMBER, 
	"SO" NUMBER, 
	"K_L" NUMBER, 
	"HBP" NUMBER, 
	"SAC" NUMBER, 
	"SF" NUMBER, 
	"ROE" NUMBER, 
	"FC" NUMBER, 
	"SB" NUMBER, 
	"QAB" NUMBER, 
	"QAB_" NUMBER, 
	"LOB" NUMBER, 
	"XBH" NUMBER, 
	"TB" NUMBER, 
	"PS" NUMBER, 
	"AVG" NUMBER GENERATED ALWAYS AS (ROUND("H"/"AB",3)) VIRTUAL , 
	"OBP" NUMBER GENERATED ALWAYS AS (ROUND(("H"+"BB"+"HBP")/("AB"+"BB"+"HBP"+"SAC"),3)) VIRTUAL , 
	"SLG" NUMBER GENERATED ALWAYS AS (ROUND("TB"/"AB",3)) VIRTUAL , 
	"VIDEO" VARCHAR2(2500), 
	 PRIMARY KEY ("ID")
  USING INDEX  ENABLE
   ) ;
```
- Execute this code block in SQL Workshop. The execute immediate commands enable this to easily run without error in SQL workshop.

```
   begin
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."JERSEY" is ''The jersey number of the player''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."NAME" is ''The name number of the baseball player''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."GP" is ''The number of games played by the baseball player''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."PA" is ''The number of plate appearances by the baseball player''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."AB" is ''The number of at bats by the baseball player. An official at-bat comes when a batter reaches base via a fielders choice, hit or an error (not including catchers interference) or when a batter is put out on a non-sacrifice.''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."H" is ''The number of hits by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."C1B" is ''The number of singles by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."C2B" is ''The number of doubles by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."C3B" is ''The number of triples by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."HR" is ''The number of homeruns by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."RBI" is ''The number of runs batted in by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."R" is ''total runs scored''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."BB" is ''The number of base on balls by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."SO" is ''The number of strikeouts by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."HBP" is ''The number of hit by pitches by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."SB" is ''total stolen bases by the player during the season.''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."QAB" is ''The number of quality at bats for a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."QAB_" is ''The percentage calculation of quality at bats for a player in a season. for example 46.55 is 46.55% of quality at bats. ''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."LOB" is ''total runners left on base when the player was at bat during the season.''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."XBH" is ''total extra base hits by a player during the season.''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."AVG" is ''The batting average of the player rounded to 3 decimal places as calculated by the number of hits divided by the number of at bats in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."OBP" is ''The on base percentage for player rounded to 3 decimal places as calculated by (H+BB+HBP)/(AB+BB+HBP+SAC) in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on table "TEAMSTATS" is ''This table the player statistics for the 2023 baseball season.''';
end;
/
```

- Next lets add some sample data. Run this code inside SQL Commands. 
```
begin
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (1, 'Nathaniel', 20, 49, 21, 19, 9, 6, 2, 2, 10, 35, 11, 5, 2, 11, 3, 11, 1, 1, 5, 1, 15, 58, 27, 46.55, 198, '4', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (2, 'Jack', 14, 24, 9, 5, 4, 1, 0, 0, 1, 6, 1, 10, 0, 6, 3, 3, 0, 0, 0, 0, 23, 34, 21, 61.76, 159, '7', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (3, 'Brodie', 20, 53, 30, 26, 15, 4, 3, 4, 11, 48, 22, 5, 3, 4, 0, 22, 1, 0, 5, 1, 16, 62, 35, 56.45, 225, '8', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (4, 'Kellan', 20, 49, 20, 19, 9, 9, 0, 1, 10, 31, 11, 11, 1, 5, 1, 9, 0, 0, 4, 0, 24, 61, 28, 45.9, 231, '9', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (5, 'Tank', 18, 47, 15, 18, 8, 7, 1, 2, 10, 33, 27, 4, 3, 4, 1, 8, 0, 0, 2, 2, 19, 54, 25, 46.3, 178, '11', 'https://youtu.be/kz1E99o0KEU');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (6, 'Ben', 14, 25, 7, 8, 7, 1, 0, 0, 1, 9, 6, 3, 0, 4, 1, 0, 0, 0, 2, 1, 14, 28, 10, 35.71, 113, '17', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (7, 'Noah', 20, 35, 7, 8, 7, 1, 0, 0, 1, 9, 3, 9, 0, 9, 2, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 22, 45, 23, 51.11, 180, '21', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (8, 'Kaleb', 20, 46, 10, 14, 9, 3, 0, 2, 5, 23, 12, 9, 1, 8, 3, 6, 1, 1, 0, 0, 23, 58, 25, 43.1, 187, '22', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (9, 'Chase', 20, 38, 11, 11, 8, 3, 0, 0, 3, 14, 8, 10, 1, 10, 5, 1, 0, 0, 0, 2, 29, 50, 22, 44, 205, '23', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (10, 'Canir', 19, 32, 7, 6, 5, 1, 0, 0, 1, 7, 5, 10, 0, 10, 4, 3, 0, 0, 0, 1, 31, 42, 19, 45.24, 189, '27', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (11, 'Matthew', 18, 36, 9, 12, 9, 3, 0, 0, 3, 15, 8, 8, 0, 6, 1, 1, 0, 0, 3, 2, 17, 44, 20, 45.45, 155, '28', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (12, 'Charles', 20, 37, 9, 9, 8, 1, 0, 0, 1, 10, 5, 13, 2, 4, 1, 3, 0, 0, 3, 2, 18, 52, 24, 46.15, 194, '99', '');
    commit;
end;
/
```

- Then add a procedure. Please note this procedure is only leveraged in example 3 below for when AI coaches the human.
```
create or replace procedure myStats(atBats IN number, hits IN number, walks_hbp IN number, sac IN number, battingAvg OUT number, onBasePercentage out number) is
BEGIN
battingAvg := round(hits/(atBats),3);
onBasePercentage := round((hits+walks_hbp)/(atBats+walks_hbp+sac),3);
END myStats;
/
```

- Query your table to get a feel for the data you will work with. 
```
select * from teamstats
```

- With the data in place lets begin with the query based AI Assistant. Make sure to set the number of rows returned in the output to at least 50, then start running these statements in the query AI assistant one at a time. 

```
does my teamstats table have any column comments
find my teamstats table and only show the column name and comments that are missing
Add a comment to SLG column that describes a baseball slugging percentage and how it is calculated from other columns in the table.
repeat for SAC column
repeat above for K_L, SF, ROE, FC, TB and PS columns
write that so it runs all at once in APEX SQL Commands
Create a query that calculates the advanced baseball metric Weighted On-Base Average per player based on the existing data
some of the results below only show two decimal places common practice baseball is to show 3 modify the output so it shows the format .390
```

- Query the table to see the end result with the comments. Please note the ID and video columns were not commented on in this video and should remain null. 
```
select column_name,
       comments
  from user_col_comments
 where table_name = 'TEAMSTATS'
```

# Example 2 - Generating Advanced Queries & Iterative AI Coaching for Code Block Construction

- Now lets get a little more advanced in the query editor, clear the chat and paste in the asks below one at a time.
```
based on the number of games played by a player in the teamstats table create a 9 player lineup and forecast the number of runs potentially score in a single game as a team based on your lineup. in one column show the batting order in a comma seperated list with the player name and number. In the second colum show the forecased number of runs scored.

You are forecasting 59 runs a game, that is way to high. Adjust for a single game run total not a season.

brodie got hurt, swap in the next best player and re-calculate runs per game
```

- Combine the power of the general and query based AI assistant. Execute this query and copy the results from the SQL*workshop output. 
```
select column_name,
       comments
  from user_col_comments
 where table_name = 'TEAMSTATS'
   and comments is not null
```

- Open the General Assistant and past in the prompt followed by pasting the output of the query above. 
```
You have a table called teamstats with the following columns and column comments below. Use this for the asks to come. 
```

- Open the general AI assistant and paste in the example below to see all the lineup combinations possible. 
```
I have a table called teamstats, each player has a unique jersey number in the jersey column. write a pl/sql code block that queries the table, returns the total number of unique players. Then have the code block calculate the number of combinations if the coach bats a 9 player lineup. Finally returns to the coach the total number of lineup combinations he could potentially have and the number of unique players on the team.
```


- Lets get a little more advanced with a more complex iterative build. 
```
Write a program that outputs the best 9 player batting lineup along with the players avg, hits, rbis, base on balls, Quality at Bats % and runs scored from the teamstats table. Create the code block with logic that aims to put the players most likely to get on base early in the lineup, followed by the players likely to hit rbis. As a coaching staff we value speed and stolen bases, then qab if players are similar. After printing your batting lineup, write a brief summary in 350 characters or less summarizing the lineup and the expected number of runs to score in a 9 inning game based on the lineup you created. 
```

- Now lets see what we can make the AI do by adding more and more complexity to the code block. 
```
very good, now based on this 9 player lineup addition queries and logic to the code block the use the 9 players selected and forecasts the likely hood the player has an extra base hit in the next game given the historical stats

add games played, BB and QAB % to the Batting lineup columns 

Add a section beneath the batting lineup called bench players that repeats the same columns for the starting lineup but for the players not currently in the game 

adjust the starting lineup logic in the procedure such that anyone batting less than .300 must bat 6th to 9th

Make sure to update your summary to include the new batting order logic. you can go up to 500 characters on it.

Do you think we will win this game? 
```

# Example 3 - Improving and Explaining Existing Code

This is not shown in the video but may be in future segments. It illustrates how AI can begin coaching you as a coder or improve historically written code. 

- Paste in the query below. 

```
select ci.id, ci.reg_id "Sessions reg", hr.registry_id "Hours reg ID", ci.guid, hr.ORACLE_GLOBAL_ULTIMATE_ID, hr.sr_number, ci.service_request from ci_sessions ci, ci_sr_hours hr where hr.sr_number = ci.service_request 
and ci.reg_Id != hr.registry_id
```

- Outline and ask to improve, read the results. 

- Navigate to the mystats procedure in the object browser then open the AI Assistant in General mode. 

- Outline and say use selection

- Click Explain to see what the code is doing. Read through the results.

- Outline the code again and click improve. Insert and inspect the code.

Commit message:

updated notes for sample prompts and code

aiAssist.md, after:

## How to Setup the Oracle APEX AI Assistant in Your Workspace in Under 4 Minutes 

In this video we will show you how to quickly wire your existing APEX installation to Oracle's OCI Generative AI models to enable the APEX AI Assistant and accelerate low coding with vibe coding practices. We recorded the video leveraging Oracle's 23ai Autonomous Transaction Processing Database with Oracle APEX 24.2.7. We will begin with a blank workspace and show how to access the workspace utilities, navigate to the Generative AI configuration screen and walk you through the configuration step by step. The setup does require that you have an OCI login and have access to the OCI Gen AI Service in your region. With that the video will showcase how to gather the compartment id, create a new API Key, gather the fingerprint, tenancy ocid, user ocid and where to place your private key in the configuration. Once configured you will test your connection and validate the AI Assistant functionality is now appearing inside SQL Worksheet. Don't struggle with the documentation or locating the required configuration details, in under four minutes this video will have you up and running. 

## Setting Up Oracle APEX AI Assistant
Please watch this video for step by step setup of the Generative AI Assistantant. [https://youtu.be/a7q22FkYQ0U](https://youtu.be/a7q22FkYQ0U) 

To perform the setup you will need the following: 

- [ ] An Oracle Cloud Tenancy
- [ ] A APEX Workspace with Developer/ADMIN priviledges on the workspace
- [ ] An OCI login with the ability to create an API key
- [ ] A pem key or the ability to create a PEM key

## Intro to Coaching your APEX AI Assitant

This video is an introduction to some common ways a human developer can coach your APEX AI Assistant to improve both code quality and development speed. This demo was recorded using Oracle ATP-S on OCI, with APEX version 24.2.8 and the latest GROK model available through OCI's Gen-AI service at the time.

The video begins by creating a small table with sample data inside your APEX workspace. Your coaching journey will start by using the SQL Workshop query builder AI assistant to identify, add, and improve your table's existing column comments. To do this, we will coach the model on how to utilize the Grok model's LLM integration in parallel with the query builder to auto-generate meaningful SQL statements that add column comments. The additional column comments will help the AI Assistant better understand the schema and improve the quality of responses for all future development tasks in the video.

With initial table comments in place, we showcase how to coach the AI Query Assistant to:

- Create multi-statement comment responses that build on a prior single prompt in a single request.
- Transform the multi-statement response into a single code block that can be executed in SQL Commands.
- Apply logic from the LLM embodyment for Weighted on Base Average and apply it to a new query using the data and columns in our database.
- Perform iterative formatting corrections in the context of prior generations.
- Coach the AI on how to correct ORA- errors when previous query generations are executed.

Halfway through the video, we will transition our coaching from the AI Query Assistant to the AI General Assistant. During this section, you will learn how to:

- Prompt engineer the general assistant so it can leverage the table name and comments to generate more accurate results for complex tasks.
- Iteratively coach the AI to improve subsets of PL/SQL code blocks to achieve the desired results.
- Guide ("vibe coach") the AI through multiple prompts to generate increasing complexity within code blocks.
- Use human development experience to find, then coach AI to fix errors when the AI is not able to resolve the challenge.

This video is designed to be watched and then replicated in your environment, so you can practice coaching your AI Assistant. AI is not always consistent, so you may experience slightly different results than those shown in the video. However, the methods of AI coaching should be applicable to whatever results you receive.

Please watch this video before proceeding with the steps below. [https://youtu.be/qSt6VGaSEG4](https://youtu.be/qSt6VGaSEG4).

# Example 1 - Prepping Tables for Better AI Results

In order for you to maximize the power of your AI assistant in APEX you need to make sure existing tables have proper table comments at both the table level and the column level. In the example below we will provide you a sample table with some column comments and a table comment. The comments will be incomplete The commands below will illustrate how to quickly add missing table comments then leverage those comments for enhanced AI asks. 

- Lets begin by creating a sample table. Please execute the code below. 

```
  CREATE TABLE "TEAMSTATS" 
   (	"ID" NUMBER GENERATED BY DEFAULT ON NULL AS IDENTITY MINVALUE 1 MAXVALUE 9999999999999999999999999999 INCREMENT BY 1 START WITH 13 CACHE 20 NOORDER  NOCYCLE  NOKEEP  NOSCALE  NOT NULL ENABLE, 
	"JERSEY" NUMBER, 
	"NAME" VARCHAR2(100), 
	"GP" NUMBER, 
	"PA" NUMBER, 
	"AB" NUMBER, 
	"H" NUMBER, 
	"C1B" NUMBER, 
	"C2B" NUMBER, 
	"C3B" NUMBER, 
	"HR" NUMBER, 
	"RBI" NUMBER, 
	"R" NUMBER, 
	"BB" NUMBER, 
	"SO" NUMBER, 
	"K_L" NUMBER, 
	"HBP" NUMBER, 
	"SAC" NUMBER, 
	"SF" NUMBER, 
	"ROE" NUMBER, 
	"FC" NUMBER, 
	"SB" NUMBER, 
	"QAB" NUMBER, 
	"QAB_" NUMBER, 
	"LOB" NUMBER, 
	"XBH" NUMBER, 
	"TB" NUMBER, 
	"PS" NUMBER, 
	"AVG" NUMBER GENERATED ALWAYS AS (ROUND("H"/"AB",3)) VIRTUAL , 
	"OBP" NUMBER GENERATED ALWAYS AS (ROUND(("H"+"BB"+"HBP")/("AB"+"BB"+"HBP"+"SAC"),3)) VIRTUAL , 
	"SLG" NUMBER GENERATED ALWAYS AS (ROUND("TB"/"AB",3)) VIRTUAL , 
	"VIDEO" VARCHAR2(2500), 
	 PRIMARY KEY ("ID")
  USING INDEX  ENABLE
   ) ;
```
- Execute this code block in SQL Workshop. The execute immediate commands enable this to easily run without error in SQL workshop.

```
   begin
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."JERSEY" is ''The jersey number of the player''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."NAME" is ''The name number of the baseball player''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."GP" is ''The number of games played by the baseball player''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."PA" is ''The number of plate appearances by the baseball player''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."AB" is ''The number of at bats by the baseball player. An official at-bat comes when a batter reaches base via a fielders choice, hit or an error (not including catchers interference) or when a batter is put out on a non-sacrifice.''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."H" is ''The number of hits by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."C1B" is ''The number of singles by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."C2B" is ''The number of doubles by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."C3B" is ''The number of triples by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."HR" is ''The number of homeruns by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."RBI" is ''The number of runs batted in by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."R" is ''total runs scored''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."BB" is ''The number of base on balls by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."SO" is ''The number of strikeouts by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."HBP" is ''The number of hit by pitches by a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."SB" is ''total stolen bases by the player during the season.''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."QAB" is ''The number of quality at bats for a player in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."QAB_" is ''The percentage calculation of quality at bats for a player in a season. for example 46.55 is 46.55% of quality at bats. ''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."LOB" is ''total runners left on base when the player was at bat during the season.''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."XBH" is ''total extra base hits by a player during the season.''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."AVG" is ''The batting average of the player rounded to 3 decimal places as calculated by the number of hits divided by the number of at bats in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on column "TEAMSTATS"."OBP" is ''The on base percentage for player rounded to 3 decimal places as calculated by (H+BB+HBP)/(AB+BB+HBP+SAC) in a season''';
    execute immediate 'comment on table "TEAMSTATS" is ''This table the player statistics for the 2023 baseball season.''';
end;
/
```

- Next lets add some sample data. Run this code inside SQL Commands. 
```
begin
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (1, 'Nathaniel', 20, 49, 21, 19, 9, 6, 2, 2, 10, 35, 11, 5, 2, 11, 3, 11, 1, 1, 5, 1, 15, 58, 27, 46.55, 198, '4', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (2, 'Jack', 14, 24, 9, 5, 4, 1, 0, 0, 1, 6, 1, 10, 0, 6, 3, 3, 0, 0, 0, 0, 23, 34, 21, 61.76, 159, '7', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (3, 'Brodie', 20, 53, 30, 26, 15, 4, 3, 4, 11, 48, 22, 5, 3, 4, 0, 22, 1, 0, 5, 1, 16, 62, 35, 56.45, 225, '8', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (4, 'Kellan', 20, 49, 20, 19, 9, 9, 0, 1, 10, 31, 11, 11, 1, 5, 1, 9, 0, 0, 4, 0, 24, 61, 28, 45.9, 231, '9', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (5, 'Tank', 18, 47, 15, 18, 8, 7, 1, 2, 10, 33, 27, 4, 3, 4, 1, 8, 0, 0, 2, 2, 19, 54, 25, 46.3, 178, '11', 'https://youtu.be/kz1E99o0KEU');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (6, 'Ben', 14, 25, 7, 8, 7, 1, 0, 0, 1, 9, 6, 3, 0, 4, 1, 0, 0, 0, 2, 1, 14, 28, 10, 35.71, 113, '17', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (7, 'Noah', 20, 35, 7, 8, 7, 1, 0, 0, 1, 9, 3, 9, 0, 9, 2, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 22, 45, 23, 51.11, 180, '21', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (8, 'Kaleb', 20, 46, 10, 14, 9, 3, 0, 2, 5, 23, 12, 9, 1, 8, 3, 6, 1, 1, 0, 0, 23, 58, 25, 43.1, 187, '22', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (9, 'Chase', 20, 38, 11, 11, 8, 3, 0, 0, 3, 14, 8, 10, 1, 10, 5, 1, 0, 0, 0, 2, 29, 50, 22, 44, 205, '23', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (10, 'Canir', 19, 32, 7, 6, 5, 1, 0, 0, 1, 7, 5, 10, 0, 10, 4, 3, 0, 0, 0, 1, 31, 42, 19, 45.24, 189, '27', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (11, 'Matthew', 18, 36, 9, 12, 9, 3, 0, 0, 3, 15, 8, 8, 0, 6, 1, 1, 0, 0, 3, 2, 17, 44, 20, 45.45, 155, '28', '');
    insert into teamstats (id, name, gp, ab, r, h, c1b, c2b, c3b, hr, xbh, tb, rbi, bb, hbp, so, k_l, sb, sf, sac, roe, fc, lob, pa, qab, qab_, ps, jersey, video) 
    values (12, 'Charles', 20, 37, 9, 9, 8, 1, 0, 0, 1, 10, 5, 13, 2, 4, 1, 3, 0, 0, 3, 2, 18, 52, 24, 46.15, 194, '99', '');
    commit;
end;
/
```

- Then add a procedure. Please note this procedure is only leveraged in example 3 below for when AI coaches the human.
```
create or replace procedure myStats(atBats IN number, hits IN number, walks_hbp IN number, sac IN number, battingAvg OUT number, onBasePercentage out number) is
BEGIN
battingAvg := round(hits/(atBats),3);
onBasePercentage := round((hits+walks_hbp)/(atBats+walks_hbp+sac),3);
END myStats;
/
```

- Query your table to get a feel for the data you will work with. 
```
select * from teamstats
```

- With the data in place lets begin with the query based AI Assistant. Make sure to set the number of rows returned in the output to at least 50, then start running these statements in the query AI assistant one at a time. 

```
does my teamstats table have any column comments
find my teamstats table and only show the column name and comments that are missing
Add a comment to SLG column that describes a baseball slugging percentage and how it is calculated from other columns in the table.
repeat for SAC column
repeat above for K_L, SF, ROE, FC, TB and PS columns
write that so it runs all at once in APEX SQL Commands
Create a query that calculates the advanced baseball metric Weighted On-Base Average per player based on the existing data
some of the results below only show two decimal places common practice baseball is to show 3 modify the output so it shows the format .390
```

- Query the table to see the end result with the comments. Please note the ID and video columns were not commented on in this video and should remain null. 
```
select column_name,
       comments
  from user_col_comments
 where table_name = 'TEAMSTATS'
```

# Example 2 - Generating Advanced Queries & Iterative AI Coaching for Code Block Construction

- Now lets get a little more advanced in the query editor, clear the chat and paste in the asks below one at a time.
```
based on the number of games played by a player in the teamstats table create a 9 player lineup and forecast the number of runs potentially score in a single game as a team based on your lineup. in one column show the batting order in a comma seperated list with the player name and number. In the second colum show the forecased number of runs scored.

You are forecasting 59 runs a game, that is way to high. Adjust for a single game run total not a season.

brodie got hurt, swap in the next best player and re-calculate runs per game
```

- Combine the power of the general and query based AI assistant. Execute this query and copy the results from the SQL*workshop output. 
```
select column_name,
       comments
  from user_col_comments
 where table_name = 'TEAMSTATS'
   and comments is not null
```

- Open the General Assistant and past in the prompt followed by pasting the output of the query above. 
```
You have a table called teamstats with the following columns and column comments below. Use this for the asks to come. 
```

- Open the general AI assistant and paste in the example below to see all the lineup combinations possible. 
```
I have a table called teamstats, each player has a unique jersey number in the jersey column. write a pl/sql code block that queries the table, returns the total number of unique players. Then have the code block calculate the number of combinations if the coach bats a 9 player lineup. Finally returns to the coach the total number of lineup combinations he could potentially have and the number of unique players on the team.
```


- Lets get a little more advanced with a more complex iterative build. 
```
Write a program that outputs the best 9 player batting lineup along with the players avg, hits, rbis, base on balls, Quality at Bats % and runs scored from the teamstats table. Create the code block with logic that aims to put the players most likely to get on base early in the lineup, followed by the players likely to hit rbis. As a coaching staff we value speed and stolen bases, then qab if players are similar. After printing your batting lineup, write a brief summary in 350 characters or less summarizing the lineup and the expected number of runs to score in a 9 inning game based on the lineup you created. 
```

- Now lets see what we can make the AI do by adding more and more complexity to the code block. 
```
very good, now based on this 9 player lineup addition queries and logic to the code block the use the 9 players selected and forecasts the likely hood the player has an extra base hit in the next game given the historical stats

add games played, BB and QAB % to the Batting lineup columns 

Add a section beneath the batting lineup called bench players that repeats the same columns for the starting lineup but for the players not currently in the game 

adjust the starting lineup logic in the procedure such that anyone batting less than .300 must bat 6th to 9th

Make sure to update your summary to include the new batting order logic. you can go up to 500 characters on it.

Do you think we will win this game? 
```

# Example 3 - Improving and Explaining Existing Code

This is not shown in the video but may be in future segments. It illustrates how AI can begin coaching you as a coder or improve historically written code. 

- Paste in the query below. 

```
select ci.id, ci.reg_id "Sessions reg", hr.registry_id "Hours reg ID", ci.guid, hr.ORACLE_GLOBAL_ULTIMATE_ID, hr.sr_number, ci.service_request from ci_sessions ci, ci_sr_hours hr where hr.sr_number = ci.service_request 
and ci.reg_Id != hr.registry_id
```

- Outline and ask to improve, read the results. 

- Navigate to the mystats procedure in the object browser then open the AI Assistant in General mode. 

- Outline and say use selection

- Click Explain to see what the code is doing. Read through the results.

- Outline the code again and click improve. Insert and inspect the code.
